[TWILIGHT]
My target is a threat to peace
between East and West:
Donovan Desmond.
To infiltrate his circle,
the first step was to enroll
Anya in Eden College,
the exclusive school
his son attends.
The next step is to
secure an invitation
to his social gatherings,
and to do that,
Anya must acquire eight
merits, or Stella.
Once those are collected, she'll
become an Imperial Scholar.
[TWILIGHT]
However, at Eden,
that accomplishment will
prove very difficult.
So I devised plan B:
The Friendship Scheme.
That plan hinges on
Anya getting closer
to Desmond's son, Damian.
Which in turn,
should prove to connect
the target and I as parents.
But on the very first day,
she punched him.
Now she has a Tonitrus Bolt
and possible enemy.
[TWILIGHT]
Well, the mission must proceed.
We're only getting started.
Good morning, Loid.
[TWILIGHT] Morning, Yor.
Breakfast is ready.
[TWILIGHT] Seems the three of us
are getting used to family life.
Guess Anya must still
be in bed, huh? Hm?
[TWILIGHT] She's embarrassed
about the fight.
Come on, Anya. I'm not mad.
Now hurry, so you won't be late.
I'm really sorry I'm
already so bad at school.
Actually, I think
that was my fault.
We can't go back and change it.
Just be good and try not
to get into more fights.
All right? So cheer up.
Your classes start today.
That's sweet, Loid.
How understanding.
[TWILIGHT] Focusing on
our next move forward
is far more constructive than
dwelling on past mistakes.
Not to mention, we need to
keep her attitude positive
about school so she
still wants to go.
Meaning that for the
sake of this mission,
her school life needs to go
as smoothly as possible.
Oh, please make
sure you apologize
to Damian at school today.
Okay, Anya?
Yeah. Gonna go now.
Do your best like a good girl!
I guess it's time for
us to go to work, too.
[TWILIGHT]
Mm-hm.
I'm counting on you, Anya.
World peace rests on
you two making amends.
Gonna do my best.
[DRIVER A]
Have a wonderful day, milady.
Wow, "milady," huh?
[BECKY]
Hello, Anya. Lovely morning!
[ANYA] Bet you live in
a big castle, milady!
'Course not, don't be silly.
Did you actually take the school
bus here this morning?
How 'bout I have my
driver give you a ride
to and from school
with me from now on?
Would that make me
your "sister milady"?
[BECKY] It's just a ride,
we're not adopting you.
Ah, I'm jealous of the dorm
kids who can stay here.
[ALL gasp]
Ugh.
Quit givin' us the stink eye,
you rude little uggos!
[BECKY] Jeez. How can you be
this obnoxious this early?
What's your problem, anyway?!
Know your place!
Ugh! Stop!
[TWILIGHT]
Make sure you apologize.
[ANYA]
Um...
I... I, uh... Yesterday, I--
[ANYA yelping]
[BECKY] Let's go, Anya.
Classes are about to begin.
Wait a second!
We should go in case being
a moron is contagious.
[ANYA]
What about world peace?
[TWILIGHT]
Ugh.
That Blackbell girl needs
to get out of our way!
Although I recall that Blackbell
and the Desmond Group
are business partners.
She could be under orders
from a rival organization
to sabotage our mission.
Calm down. That's ridiculous.
First impressions are crucial
when forming a group
of friends at school.
This absolutely must
be handled today.
This feels off.
That girl, she's the one
who snapped, right?
Oh, my. She's so scary!
And the one with her
must be bad, too.
I heard that she just lost it
and hit him for no reason.
She's crazy!
[STUDENT C] I don't want to
be in the same class as her.
[STUDENT A] I'm so scared
that she's gonna hit me, too.
[STUDENT D] How's she back
already? Stay away from her.
[ANYA]
School is scary.
I swear, people
can be so shallow.
They'll believe any
little thing they hear
if it makes somebody
else look bad.
You're really smart, milady!
Aw, I'm normal, but I
appreciate it. Thank you.
And I'd rather you call
me Becky, not "milady."
[MATH INSTRUCTOR A]
Class, please be seated.
I hope that we can become
best friends, Anya.
I'd bet I'm probably
the only one here
who knows just how nice
you can actually be!
[STUDENT B] Those girls
are gonna be trouble...
[STUDENT E] I won't talk
to those two psychos.
[ANYA] School is scary,
but maybe it'll be okay.
Hey, look! This is
really cute, huh?
Eww.
You should put them in
their place, Lord Damian.
They're too cocky.
[DAMIAN] He's right. I'm Damian
Desmond, after all.
The second son of one of
the most powerful families
in the country.
I always get what I want.
My older brother never even
hit me once in my life.
In fact, no one has
ever defied me before.
Master Desmond.
[DAMIAN]
Not until...
[MATH INSTRUCTOR A]
Master Desmond!
I'm here.
[DAMIAN] This is the first time
I've had to deal with such a--
She's just so... so...
[ANYA gasps]
[MATH INSTRUCTOR A]
Johnny.
[JOHNNY]
Here.
[MATH INSTRUCTOR A]
Jesse.
[JESSE]
Here.
[MATH INSTRUCTOR A]
Carl.
[CARL]
Here.
[MATH INSTRUCTOR A]
Well, today will be
our very first lesson together.
This is the starting
line for all of you
who worked so hard to get into
this school, and my hope...
As you can see in
the example given,
when this and this
are like this,
and that's why this turns out
like this, and this is this.
So this gives you this answer,
and you can use this method
to get this answer over here.
[bell rings]
[MATH INSTRUCTOR A] She fell
asleep in the first class
on the first day?
And she hit someone?
She's trouble.
[BECKY] Anya! We have science
class next. Wake up!
[ANYA] Second son! Gotta say
sorry to the second son.
To who? To Damian?
That jerk left already.
I'd just leave him alone, Anya.
[ANYA] But we gotta
make up for world peace!
It's important!
You mean it'll be bad
for your peaceful school
world, don't you?
I suppose there's no telling
what a boy like
that will try to do.
Don't worry, Anya.
Because you've got me
on your side all the way!
And no matter what,
I'm gonna help protect you!
[ANYA]
Oh, it's okay, then.
[BECKY]
Yes.
[TWILIGHT]
No, it's not!
[ANYA]
Uh! Papa?
[TWILIGHT] I need to find a way
to tell her how important
that apology is!
[SCIENCE INSTRUCTOR A]
As you can see,
you can reflect the sun's rays
by simply using a mirror.
And notice that the spot where
the light hits will feel warm.
Next, let's try an experiment
where we use two mirrors...
[ANYA]
Message from God?
[TWILIGHT] Apologize, Anya.
Patch things up with him.
[ANYA] I'm feeling a lot of
pressure all of a sudden.
[STUDENT F] "And that's when
John made up his mind.
Even if his friends would
never forgive him for it,
he was going to stick up
for what he knew was right.
And for the rest of his life,
John never apologized"...
[ANYA] I think I have
a different textbook
than everyone else.
[bell ringing]
[BECKY]
It's finally time for lunch,
so let's go to the cafeteria.
This school is
pretty tough, huh?
The lessons are harder than what
I expected on the first day.
Ugh. I'm exhausted.
[INSTRUCTOR A]
Welcome, new students.
Our top-tier chefs will
make you whatever you like
from our world-class menu.
[BECKY]
Huh.
Well, they're nowhere near
as talented as my chef.
[ANYA] Ooh! I wanna
eat some omelet rice.
How odd. I'm never
ordering that.
[ANYA]
Uh! Second son!
[BECKY]
Ew, go eat in your dorm!
[ANYA]
I gotta pologize.
No, Anya. It's their
fault, ya know!
[TWILIGHT]
Meddling brat!
That's it, I'm getting
her away from Anya.
[WAITER A] Hey, new guy!
Where are you going?
[tone chimes]
[TWILIGHT]
Attention.
Becky Blackbell from
Class One-Three,
come to the student hall
in Tower A immediately.
Can I come after
I finish eating?
[TWILIGHT]
Immediately!
[BECKY]
Ugh!
[ANYA]
Now's my chance!
[DAMIAN, EWEN gasp]
[EWEN]
Hey, what do you want?
You here to fight again?
[ANYA]
I, uh--
The only reason Lord Damian lost
is because you sucker
punched him, weirdo!
[ANYA]
Listen!
Just shut up, you two.
So you can personally teach
this brat yourself, right?
[DAMIAN] Why do I always
get tongue tied
whenever she's right
in front of me?
Are you okay?
[DAMIAN]
Why does my heart act like
it's gonna jump out of my chest?
[ANYA]
I'm feeling kinda weird.
I better pologize, then run.
[EMILE] I bet I know
what's going on.
Lord Damian's gotta be thinkin'
of the perfect insult
to rip this creepy
little girl to shreds!
[EWEN]
I wonder what he'll go for.
Call her a "shrimp"?
No, that would be too
babyish for him. Super...
So, uh...
[EWEN]
Psycho gorilla girl?
Yesterday, I, uh...
[EWEN]
Stubby legs!
[EMILE]
Stubby little legs!
She's even got those lame hair
things that look like cow horns.
[EWEN]
Raccoon-faced demon!
[EMILE]
Go away, raccoon,
before you give us
your commoner germs!
[EWEN]
Get lost, stinky raccoon face!
[EMILE]
Stupid stubby legs!
[ANYA]
I'm, um...
I'm really... I'm really
sorry... for hitting you!
[gasps]
[ANYA]
All I wanted was...
I just wanted to be friends
with you, I promise!
[ANYA] I'm sorry...
for having stubby little legs.
[DAMIAN] She felt so bad that
she's actually bawling?
She really means it.
[TWILIGHT]
Hmm...
Maybe I didn't need to pressure
her so much after all.
Well done, Anya. Solid apology.
Lord Damian,
your face is so red.
Of course it is, dummy!
'Cause I'm angry!
Yeah, that's it! I'm angry.
[DAMIAN]
That's right. This girl hit me.
What's worse, she defied me!
Yeah, she came right up to me,
looked deep into my eyes,
and... and then...
[DAMIAN] No! Stupid heart,
stop pounding like that!
That's not what's going on!
She's a commoner!
I would never! Never ever!
It's too embarrassing.
Leave me alone!
I would rather die
than let you win!
I will never forgive you!
My pride won't let me!
Tell her, Lord Damian!
You won't fall for
a woman's tears.
You're off the hook today,
but watch out.
Lord Damian!
[TWILIGHT]
How could this happen?!
He totally rejected her apology?
[TWILIGHT]
Plan B is DOA.
Lord Damian, why are we running?
Shut up!
School's so scary.
Help, Becky!
Hello?!
Whoever called me way out here
better start talking, okay?
[TWILIGHT] The denominator
is three, so one third,
and if you had three thirds,
it would be equal to one.
Easy, huh?
Uh, you know, maybe it's time
to take a little break?
Not now. We have to get
through all of this today.
[ANYA gasps]
[TWILIGHT]
With their rocky start,
plus that scene yesterday,
I think we can forget about
the Friendship Scheme
getting us in with the Desmonds.
That ship has sailed.
So the only solution at the
moment is to double down
on the more orthodox method of
Plan A and earn those Stella.
Finish this, Anya,
or you can't watch your
spy cartoon tonight.
Well? What's this answer?
[ANYA] I'll just hafta
read Papa's mind for it.
Come on. You use this
formula right here.
[TWILIGHT]
There are a few other ways
to get the eight Stella needed
to become an Imperial Scholar...
To avoid getting Tonitrus
Bolts from bad grades
and prevent expulsion,
we're going to need to get
her academic skills up.
I could enter the faculty room
and alter her academic
documents,
making her appear more--
Oh, Anya, are you okay?
[ANYA]
I'll read her mind instead.
Mama, can you help me?
Well, why don't we
look it over together?
[YOR]
Let's see.
The denominator is five,
so that's one split into five.
Okay.
For visualization, let's rip
all four limbs off of a torso.
Hmm, but then the head's
getting in the way.
Huh? Um, five. Five?
Kinda weird how it
looks like an S.
[YOR]
No! Anya, what's wrong?
There a problem? Well?
Why can't you solve this?
[TWILIGHT] I can't figure
out for the life of me
what she's not getting.
[ANYA]
I don't wanna study anymore!
[TWILIGHT]
Hey! Wait a second!
[YOR]
Um, Loid.
I don't think it's a good
idea to be too forceful
at times like this.
Okay, but to be an Imperial
Scholar, she has to study.
Yes, I know.
Though is that actually
what Anya wants, or you?
Well, uh...
[TWILIGHT]
It's what the mission requires.
Personally, I want Anya
to enjoy school
and be excited to be there.
Obviously, she'll have to study
and keep her grades up
and all that, but...
Of course, you're right.
[TWILIGHT]
She's still so young.
I'm sure getting good grades and
honors aren't her main concerns.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Not really my place to butt in
between you and your daughter.
No, it's fine. I appreciate it.
I do lose my cool a
little bit sometimes.
[YOR] I'm sure other parents
go through the same thing.
Let's try to relax.
I'll make some tea.
[TWILIGHT]
Anya, we made you some cocoa.
Seems she's holed up in there.
Yeah, well, she's just
pouting a little.
[ANYA] I promise,
I'll do my best at school!
[YOR chuckles]
She reminds me of my brother
when he was a kid.
She'll come out before long.
Oh, yeah, speaking of him,
he works for Foreign
Affairs, right?
Must've made good grades.
So did you help him out
much with his homework?
If you have any tips for me.
Oh, no.
And honestly, Yuri was always
a much better student
than I ever was.
Kind of embarrassing,
but he probably taught me
more than I taught him.
Whenever we would
study together...
[YURI]
No, you might think so,
but spiders actually aren't
insects, they're arachnids.
They have eight legs,
and insects have six,
and their bodies are split up
between their head,
thorax, and abdomen.
[YOR]
Wow. You sure know a lot, Yuri.
Whenever I complimented him,
his smile would
light up the room.
[YURI] Ooh! Next, I wanna
teach you about history!
[YOR]
Yeah, okay!
I think he truly loved sharing
his knowledge with me,
because he'd study on his
own without me pushing.
[YURI] Hey, Sis, wake up!
I learned my times tables!
Check it out!
[YOR groans]
I understand.
Your approval made
a big difference.
It gave him a little
extra motivation.
Can't take credit for it all.
But if you think
that's what helped,
I don't know, maybe
you could try to play
a more supportive role
like that for Anya.
Praising her for little
accomplishments
could make a real impact,
and it's hard to see what
the downside would be.
Know what I mean?
It'd make her happy.
Do you think so?
Yeah, I guess you're right.
[TWILIGHT] But I'm not
even her real father.
[TWILIGHT]
Doesn't matter.
I need to be the best
father I can for her.
It's a crucial part of
the role I'm playing.
It's the foundation of
the mission, after all.
And I don't think
I've been taking
that part of it
seriously enough.
I mean, as a father,
I've been less than ideal.
[YOR]
Don't worry, Loid.
And have a little
faith in yourself.
You remember what Anya
said about us, don't you?
That we're a perfect 100 points.
Anya thinks you're
a wonderful father,
and that's what really matters.
You reminding me of that
means a great deal to me.
[YOR gasps]
I'm butting into
your family again
and telling you how to
raise your daughter.
Not true at all.
You're not a stranger,
you're a part of this.
You should know, you're the
mother of the Forger family.
You provide all the things
that I never could.
Yeah. Guess that's right.
I forget that I'm
your wife sometimes.
[TWILIGHT chuckles]
Try not to say those kinds
of things outside the house.
You know, it would be great
if you looked over
Anya's homework, too.
Oh, of course, if you think
that would be helpful.
We'll work as a family,
slow and steady.
[TWILIGHT] Don't panic and
take your time, Twilight.
If all this could be fixed by
simply assassinating Desmond,
I'd have countless options,
but we're looking
for a real solution.
Most things that truly
matter take time.
You need to know your target's
thoughts, their desires.
Use that to gain their trust so
you can observe their actions.
Patience and determination
are essential to spy-craft.
But first, I need
to understand Anya.
[clock chimes]
[TWILIGHT]
Hm?
Oh my, look what time it is.
I think I'll go in and have
a little chat with her.
[YOR] Go ahead.
I'll take care of the dishes.
Hello? Hey, Anya?
Your spy cartoon's
about to start.
I'm sorry about earlier.
Let's watch your show first,
and then we can
figure everything out
with your studies.
Anya?
[TWILIGHT] She fell asleep.
That can't be comfortable.
[TWILIGHT] She was in here
studying on her own?
[ANYA] I gotta get really good
grades. Do good for Papa.
[TWILIGHT] Guess I'll just
record her show for her.
No, Mama. You can't kill Papa.
Huh? What kind of
dream is she having?
The spy man.
[TWILIGHT] She thinks I'm
a wonderful father, huh?
[TWILIGHT] How would it feel...
to have a real family?
[DOMINIC]
Hm?
Heya, Yuri! Been
working hard, huh?
[YURI]
Oh, Dominic! Long time no see.
They've got me so
tied up at work
I haven't even been home.
Sounds like the life of
a Foreign Affairs elite.
Oh, yeah.
I'm curious, how was the
party the other night?
Was my sister's date cool?
How's her date?
Well, uh, guess I
should say congrats.
Hold on, have you not
met her husband yet?
[YURI]
Huh?
What'd you say?
My sister got married?
[inaudible]